congratulations by the way
it's weird to see you in real life
because we watch and analyze and the
whole thing that goes on that everybody
tells you what I've seen Nick a whole
like 11 I I not write better than some
of my own relatives probably no one
better than I do
I maybe so we're gonna find out a little
bit later on the show we're gonna put
you two to the test but I want to ask a
few things first of all when how long
ago just so we have we know the
timeframe how long ago did that proposal
happen when did that occur it was right
before Thanksgiving right before
Thanksgiving American Thanksgiving also
aka
the real Thanksgiving so not Canadian
Thanksgiving which is in our toddler
right okay so that's booked so it's been
since November so this is a pretty good
amount of time that you've been forced
to keep this secret yeah what would
happen if you guys like caught it I hop
having breakfast would you be sued like
what would the penalty for this be it
wouldn't be great it would not be good
did they detail that do they give you
any kind of strict morning long yeah
lecture okay make sure like I think of
25 page contract that we got to sign so
right you must have told there has to be
someone that you told right we did I
told my parents you told your parents
okay you can trust your parents
barely cuz everybody excited I don't
think I would be able to tell my parents
if I needed it kept secret I really I
think they would ruin it somehow did you
tell your parents so I told my mom my
dad my sister and my brother oh you told
oh the whole gang though well that's
half the game okay yeah and just the
people that didn't get to-- were they
angry that you didn't trust my wife I
like Montreal's pretty you know private
when it comes to everyone's life so they
didn't really ask any questions I was
really lucky with my privacy at work and
out on the street don't no one really no
everyone just came up and like said hi
but no one really asked any questions
I'm I'm lucky really no one in the whole
city of Montreal cares my eyes
I did not go out much I went to work and
I went home and I don't really you know
roam the streets okay so you're up in
Montreal and you're from an Italian
family which we saw and have you guys
figured out where you're gonna live
because I'm gonna tell you something
Nick I'm Italian my mother heard there's
no way she's leaving Montreal it's just
not happening they'll kill you if you
try to pull her out of there it just
would it's it's an impossibility so have
you guys figured this out cuz I see this
as maybe the biggest hurdle you're gonna
have to clear not so much yeah um I mean
she's Canadian so we have to figure that
stuff out right right she's gonna be
spending as much time as possible out in
LA um where I am currently living yeah
so I'm here now um you know I could see
that working huh yeah she told part of
your family about the engagement have
you been watching yourselves on the show
yes together or separately Oh
usually separately right yeah when you
have to separately do you watch with
anyone yeah I mean you saw how big my
family is so we have viewing parties
every Monday night and how they either
like it alternates from my aunt's house
and my sister's house to my mom's house
to my dad's house so how does that go
over watching uh you know whatever a
heads up sometimes you do yeah did they
the heads up does that mean they turn
the TV off or does that mean they just
have a heads up uh I think just Thursday
and she kind of only watched certain
parts I see okay hadn't you know which
specifically like are you guys on the
phone go on okay now leave they were get
out of the room I press like a red
buckle like a bad phone you know you
don't have annoying relatives that like
to make a big deal out of this yeah Wow
everyone's been like really supportive
and not really asking that many
questions
this is unbelievable either great people
are very respectful or they literally
don't care about you at all yeah I'm
still not exactly sure which one it is
okay then so you guys are out no now
Nick's gonna be dancing on Dancing with
the Stars which is what a great way to
start off your relationship Nick
you've gone from watching the make out
with other women on The Bachelor to now
he's gonna be dancing with this
beautiful Russian supermodel dancer you
know she's like happily engaged she's a
baby I think they did that on purpose
I really do she's married to the max or
show she's engaged to me as another
dancer on the show and they just had a
baby
guaranteed that's why they picked her
for you're like not complaining I'm not
either
okay you're not Yeah right yeah cuz that
can bring it did you get was that
something you had to discuss before you
agreed very supportive yeah I was really
excited about the whole you know Dancing
with the Stars experience and he ran it
by me we spoke about it and yeah I think
like he does a great dancer I'm really
happy that he got to be paired up with
PETA yeah make it till the end putting
myself in this who's your favorite of
the women in the house as far as like
other girls that you like no really I
mean obviously you were your next
favorite but who is your favorite I got
a chance to connect with a lot of the
women in the house um will they be at
the wedding
well maybe a wedding um well I'm closest
to Danielle and Taylor which Danielle
there are two do you even know okay
Danielle Harris yeah okay
and so you haven't discussed like your
wedding plans or anything yet we haven't
had like a dinner reservation yet
several like do that very step yeah
mm-hmm okay oh you're having a baby out
oh this is
that would be thanks for watching if you
like that subscribe to our YouTube
channel for all the latest videos and if
you didn't subscribe anyway it's free
who cares